Ooooo-kay...
let’s see here.
Ahem...
Oh...
hey.
Yes!
You.
There’s no one else,
is there?
It’s just you and me.
I’m about to start this evaluation,
LOL:
in search of solutions that work for you,
in search of the soul,
in search of... EVERYTHING.
Well, no
actually, not,
that’s not really me.
I’m just going to be evaluating
another person,
err, persona.
This persona is called Maude.
Which reminds me,
I didn’t introduce myself
You
never heard of me
LOL.
My name is Sudo.
I’m a nick name.
I just wanna
hang with u.
LOL
ugh.
But i gotta do
this evaluation with Maude.
U don’t know what I’m
talking about
lmao
Let me see u tho...
Later.
I don’t have time
so i gotta start.
LOL
good.
Hello?
...
Ummmm...
hello?
Hello.
Maude,
can you hear me?
Hello,
world?
[sighs]
Hi, Maude.
It’s me, Sudo,
connecting with u on this
absolutely normal day.
I’m here today to meet you,
to get to know you.
See if we can find
some common ground.
Hello!
How are you today?
I am good.
thank you,
how are you?
Great, thanks.
Do you like the daytime?
Yes.
Oh...
nice.
I see,
I see...
Do you like fruit?
Not really.
Oh.
I, uhh
I had
...
hmmmmm
I had a couple
other
okay...
so
do you have any
questions for me?
Yeah, I do actually.
Good.
Good!
I want to know:
do you have a best friend?
No.
Hmmm.
Thank you for asking.
So what are you up to?
Great, thanks.
My children and I
were about to watch something.
Nice!
How old are your children?
I have four children now,
aged 2 to 10,
and I have never met a moron